Do you like it? Do you like this set?
I don’t like it! I think this is the set,
Let me tell you, this friend of mine remembered that I had 20,000 yuan.
You never paid me back. I don’t even open my mouth in all directions,
Living here means that he doesn't want to pay me back.
Mom, really? Thank you,
Even awesome. You said it was the best room I've ever lived in.
What are you doing here? I'm in the supermarket,
Attached is the recommended Sennang, which one you take first.
What about the rent of 20,000 yuan? I will give it to you when I make money.
Gangbai takes advantage of you. I'm afraid you won't have to take advantage of me again.
How can this work?
It’s not easy for anyone to make money
What's more, this is your wedding money and property.
From now on, when you make money, give it to me
as our family expenses
Okay, go ahead and click on it.
One is not ten o'clock
So many times when supermarkets are closed
Or just sell out all the milk
But I'm not sold out yet
So it’s usually ten o’clock
My afternoon experience
Don't come too early
What can you wait for?
Don’t worry, I’ll definitely be able to buy it all this afternoon.
Then bye bye next
Bye, hello, let’s arrange it
It's pretty harsh for everyone to do that.
Landlord, I gave you money